Concierge.pm is intended to simplify user management for applications by integrating authentication, user data, and session management components as a single service layer.

A. Concierge.pm API General Specification

1. Only serve the application via Concierge API methods.

2. Do not expose the Concierge object's internal configs to the application.

3. Errors for Concierge or its components should only be fatal to the application during installation or during instantiation of the concierge. During operations the components return safe results that propagate errors but do not interfere with the application's control flow. Concierge methods should adhere to that discipline as well.

4. Within Concierge.pm, only use the API methods of the component modules.

5. Do not expose the component module objects or classes to the application.

6. Concierge.pm's methods are for service to the application, not for providing access to all the capabilities of the components.

7. The Concierge should combine component affordances to simplify operations for the application as much as possible, handling things that none of the components could do alone.

B. Concierge object methods - use of component methods

1. Some Concierge methods will simply be wrappers around component API methods, allowing for message and error capture but no added work.

2. Some Concierge methods will prepare or curry parameters for the component API methods they wrap.

3. Some Concierge methods will make use of the API methods of two or three components. 

C. Maintaining Concierge and User State

1. As needed, the Concierge object may maintain its own state using its permanent session. Care must be taken because its session stores the whole config for the system, plus coming the user_id <=> session_id lookup hash, and perhaps other items that shouldn't be over-written.
TODO: Add a Concierge method for the concierge object to safely update its state, built around the session's get_data() and set_data() methods.

2. Each user session may save information unique to that user and their session's activity. Concierge.pm optionally accepts specified data fields for user session data.
TODO: Add a Concierge method for the user session object to safely update its state, built around the session's get_data() and set_data() methods.

3. Given the ability of the Concierge's own session as well as each user's session to track their relevant states, the Concierge object's methods might find simplifications and efficiencies by tapping session data or metadata.

4. As an additional convenience, the Concierge object should have a method for adding info from a user's database record to their session data for access without further file access.
TODO: Add a Concierge method to add a user's database info to their session data.