Concierge.pm is intended to simplify user management for applications by integrating authentication, user data, and session management components as a single service layer. Applications obtain a concierge object for managing the application's users, and a user object for the user operating an instance of the application.

A. Concierge.pm API General Specification
The application's user manager.

1. Only serve the application via Concierge API methods.

2. Do not expose the Concierge object's internal configs to the application.

3. Errors for Concierge or its components should only be fatal to the application during installation or during instantiation of the concierge. During operations the components return safe results that propagate errors but do not interfere with the application's control flow. Concierge methods should adhere to that discipline as well.

4. Within Concierge.pm, only use the API methods of the component modules.

5. Do not expose the component module objects or classes to the application.

6. Concierge.pm's methods are for service to the application, not for providing access to all the capabilities of the components.

7. The Concierge should combine component affordances to simplify operations for the application as much as possible, handling things that none of the components could do alone.

B. Concierge object methods - use of component methods

1. Some Concierge methods will simply be wrappers around component API methods, allowing for message and error capture but no added work.

2. Some Concierge methods will prepare or curry parameters for the component API methods they wrap.

3. Some Concierge methods will make use of the API methods of two or three components. 

C.  Concierge/User.pm API General Specification
The user operating (an instance of) the application.

1. Upon admitting, checking in or logging in a user, the concierge object returns a user object to the application. The user object's methods (Concierge::User) can return its status, metadata, user data, and session info, and can set its own session info and and update (some of) its own user data. 

2. As the operator of an instance of the application, the user object's range of application actions is based on its visitor, guest, or user credentials, and if logged in, information such as its user_status and access_level, which will be included among its standard user data fields.
